README.md, before:

Memento
=======

A simple note taking app for Android.

## Features

- Create categories with different theme colors
- Take simple notes and make text bold or italicized
- Take drawing notes
- Backup and restore notes

[<img src="fdroid.png" alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="90">](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/github.yaa110.memento/)

## Dependencies

- **RichEditor for Android** [RichEditor for Android](https://github.com/wasabeef/richeditor-android) is a beautiful Rich Text WYSIWYG Editor for Android.
- **Material Dialogs** [Material Dialogs](https://github.com/afollestad/material-dialogs) is a beautiful, fluid, and customizable dialogs API.

## Screenshots

<p align="center">
<img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/001.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/002.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/003.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/004.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/005.png" width="300">  <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/006.png" width="300">
</p>

Commit message:

Add orignal source reference to README.md

README.md, after:

Memento
=======

A simple note taking app for Android.

## Features

- Create categories with different theme colors
- Take simple notes and make text bold or italicized
- Take drawing notes
- Backup and restore notes

[<img src="fdroid.png" alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="90">](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/github.yaa110.memento/)

## Dependencies

- **RichEditor for Android** [RichEditor for Android](https://github.com/wasabeef/richeditor-android) is a beautiful Rich Text WYSIWYG Editor for Android.
- **Material Dialogs** [Material Dialogs](https://github.com/afollestad/material-dialogs) is a beautiful, fluid, and customizable dialogs API.

## Original Sources

The source code originates from https://github.com/yaa110/Memento, which does not exist anymore.

## Screenshots

<p align="center">
<img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/001.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/002.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/003.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/004.png" width="300"> <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/005.png" width="300">  <img src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/006.png" width="300">
</p>
